(Opening Theme Music)
(cicadas chirping)
(sound of running water)
(chipmunks squeaking)
Miss Mirai...
Uh?
Have you ever heard
of the hot spring
where you can see
people who've died?
People who've died?
Seeing the dead?
But there's no way
that something like
that could be true.
It's real!
(crows cawing)
(Mirai makes startled sound)
The entire reason that
I came all this way
is so that I could get
to see my late mother.
Oh, come on, it's
just not possible.
At first I thought so, too,
but then I thought that
it's probably worth
at least checking out.
I just wanna see my mom, so bad.
(sound of water running)
Don't you want to see your
father, too, Miss Mirai?
Uh.
(dramatic music)
Yeah, maybe, but...
I can't go.
Oh, I see.
Sorry.
-See you later.
-(water splashing)
(Tatsumi makes depressed sound)
(sound of wet footsteps)
That's right, I mean,
I'm on a mission.
(dramatic music)
(sound of cloth rustling)
(Guy snoring)
(Kakashi snoring)
[Tatsumi] It's real.
The entire reason that
I came all this way
is so that I could get
to see my late mother.
There's no way it's real.
[Tatsumi] At first,
I thought so, too,
but then I thought
that it's probably
worth at least checking out.
I just wanna see my mom, so bad.
(heavy breath)
Don't you want to see your
father, too, Miss Mirai?
(Mirai grunts)
(sound of door sliding open)
(Mirai's footsteps)
Hey, Tatsumi!
(surprised gasp) Miss Mirai?
On second thought, I will go.
(breathy sound from Tatsumi)
It's dangerous for you
to go alone, anyway.
I would be worried.
Oh yes, thanks so much.
Honestly, I was feeling
anxious about going alone.
Well, all right,
then, let's get going.
I've heard that you're only able
to meet the deceased at night.
'Kay, got it.
Yeah, I'll just think of
this as an investigation,
and besides, as long
as I'm back by morning.
(Sound of footsteps)
Now, I drew this map based
on all the rumors I've heard,
but who really knows
if it's correct?
(Tatsumi makes breathy sound)
This whole place feels
totally different
at night than it
does during the day.
(sound of wind blowing)
Yeah, maybe 'cause it was
so lively during the day,
it feels more desolate now.
The vibe is so different.
It's creepy.
(sound of wind blowing)
(Tatsumi screams)
It's just a banner.
That really freaked me out.
Oh, I'm such a scaredy-cat.
Maybe, but your reaction now
still doesn't top Guy Sensei's.
Huh?
You know, on the night of
the whole ghost fiasco?
It appeared!
He was completely freaked out.
Really?
Although, what was
even scarier than that,
in the room where they said
an armored warrior appeared
(Tatsumi gasps)
was finding out that Kakashi
slept through it all.
That was way scarier
than any ghost.
(giggles) That's for sure!
(Mirai giggles)
(pleasant music)
Miss Mirai, Are you
feeling thirsty at all?
Yeah, a little.
There should be a drinking
spring right around here.
Let's take a break and
get some water there.
There it is!
(Tatsumi panting)
(sound of running water)
Wow, it's so warm!
Here you go, Miss Mirai.
Thank you.
Another rumor I've heard
before is that the people
from the Land of
Steam stay healthy
by sipping on hot spring water
like this while
they're out walking.
Oh, is that so, huh?
(Mirai and Tatsumi
gulping water)
Kinda tastes like iron.
Really?
Oh, yeah, I didn't
really notice that.
I may not look it,
but I am a shinobi!
So, um... if you do
get to see your mom,
what do want to
talk to her about?
I want...
to apologize.
Uh?
You see, the day
before my mom died,
we had a ridiculous fight
over something really minor.
I refused to give in,
and didn't speak to her
the rest of the day.
Then, I went to the
hospital to apologize,
but she'd taken a turn
for the worse, and then...
soon, she...
and that's why...
(sobs) I want to
say sorry to her.
I had no idea.
(Tatsumi sobbing)
(sad music)
What about you?
Your dad was a shinobi,
too, wasn't he?
Mmhmm.
He was Mr. Choji's
sensei, right?
Your dad must've been
an amazing shinobi.
That's what everybody tells me,
but I don't personally
know anything about him
since I never got the
chance to meet him.
Well then, if you do
get to see him tonight,
what do you want to say to him?
(grunts) There's just
so much stuff I want
to say to him and ask him,
like what exactly is this "King"
that shinobi are supposed to
give their all to protect?
Huh?
It's just a question
that my sensei asked me,
but I heard that my father was
the one who asked it first.
Of course I still have no clue
as to what the answer might be.
Oh, yeah.
Now I remember you were
talking to Mr. Choji
about it before.
That's right, but even more
than just getting the answer,
I want to talk to him about why
he died before I was born,
but that's not a question.
So then, were there
lots of things that
you wanted to do
with your dad, too?
Oh, well, you know...
(dramatic music)
(Mirai's footsteps)
Hey, Dad!
[Tatsumi] Miss Mirai?
Oh, sorry.
[Tatsumi] Is something wrong?
Oh, no, it's nothing.
There's just so much that
I want to ask you, Dad!
(sound of running water)
(frustrated sigh) We won't
be able to cross here,
and I don't see any
bridges around, either.
I think we're headed the right
way, let's just cross here.
What?
Don't be worried, come on!
Just follow me!
But Miss Mirai,
please wait!
(dashing sound)
Okay, it's your turn, Tatsumi!
Uh?
Miss Mirai!
I can't!
I can't do that!
I'm so sorry.
Here, just hold on to me.
We'll cross together!
(Tatsumi panicking)
-All right, here we go!
-(Tatsumi screams)
(Tatsumi gasps excitedly)
(triumphant music)
See? We did it!
Wow, thank you so
much, Miss Mirai.
I'm sorry I left you behind!
Well, let's go!
(cable wrapping around branch)
(grappling sound)
(Tatsumi screams)
(Mirai grunts)
(leaves rustling)
(thudding sound)
Oh wow, you're
awesome, Miss Mirai,
and you're so pretty, too.
I bet you're really popular.
Huh? No way, not me!
Well, I really like
you, Miss Mirai.
(Mirai laughs nervously)
If you hadn't come
along with me,
then I never would've been
able to make it this far.
There's nothing to fear as
long as you've got a friend.
You're right!
What's this?
There's a fork in the road,
but there only seems to
be one road on the map.
(Tatsumi makes perplexed sound)
So which way?
Uh...
[Stranger] Excuse me.
(Tatsumi and Mirai gasp)
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
Wow, you sure did, though!
By any chance are you two headed
to the hot spring
to see the dead?
You're going, too?
Actually, I was just
coming from there.
We couldn't figure out which
of these two roads
we're supposed to take.
It's at the end of this one.
You know, if you'd like,
I just can take you
to the entrance.
Oh, great, thank you.
So were you able to see
the person that you lost?
Yes, of course!
Really?
My older brother,
I was able to see him again
and tell him about me, my
family, and lots of stuff.
I'm so happy.
Back when he was still with us,
he was so worried
about what would happen
to us after he died,
so I'm sure that he's
feeling relieved now.
[Tatsumi] I see.
Relieved, huh?
I wonder if Dad sees me,
will he feel relieved, too?
(waterfall roaring)
The hot spring's on the other
side under that waterfall.
(somber music)
They're here for the
Resurrection Hot Springs.
It's back there, please, come in
Okay, I'm going now.
Thank you for all your help!
Yeah, thank you!
I hope you see them,
your loved ones!
[Tatsumi] It's so dark.
Uh, I smell sulfur.
[Tatsumi] We're almost
there, Miss Mirai!
[Mirai] Yeah!
Look up ahead, do you see that?
(Mirai gasps)
(somber music)
Soon...
I'll get to see you, Dad.
Dad!
(sound of water dripping)
So many people.
I'll say.
Oh, hey!
You here for the
hot spring, too?
[Tatsumi] Yeah!
Both of you?
[Mirai] Yes.
That means there are
twenty of us now, you guys!
Oh, that's great!
We finally have enough!
What? What do you mean by that?
We were told that
they need to have
at least twenty people
to hold the ceremony.
I've been waiting here
for almost a month
for my chance to go inside.
[Tatsumi] That long?
[Misato] But still,
those people over there
have been taking
good care of us.
I see. That's great.
But thanks to you
two showing up,
now I'm finally
going to get a chance
to see my friends again!
So who are you guys
hoping to see in there?
Well, I came here
to see my mother.
I came for my dad.
Oh, gotcha!
I'm actually here to
see my whole family!
Oh, boy, I can't believe that
I'll get to see them soon!
Right?
(crowd chatting excitedly)
How lucky we'll get to see
our loved ones so soon
after getting here.
That's for sure.
Thank you all for waiting.
I'll take you to
the next room now.
Your wishes are finally
about to come true!
(crowd happily laughing)
Please, make sure
to watch your step through here.
We're going in now!
I can barely wait!
I guess it was worth coming
all this way, right, Miss Mirai?
Mmhmm.
Are these ruins?
Uh-huh, I heard that this place
was initially chosen
because it's so secluded.
Who'd imagine there's
such a beautiful place
at the back of this dark cave?
Yeah, I agree!
(doors sliding open)
[Sect Member] Please,
everyone, come right in!
(crowd laughing excitedly)
(sound of doors sliding shut)
This is Lord Ryuki.
I welcome you!
Each of you has
come all this way
in your quest to fulfill
-your deepest wish.
-(crowd gasping excitedly)
And very soon, now, I
will grant you that wish!
(crowd giggling)
'Scuse me!
Uh?
Yes, what is it?
I was just wondering
how you plan
on letting us see the deceased?
What?
Come on, why would you ask that?
If they find a
non-believer among us,
then none of us
will get to go in!
Miss Mirai!
[Ryuki] No no,
it's okay.
I understand where you're
coming from with your question,
and I'll be more than
happy to answer it for you.
A shinobi in the
Fourth Great Ninja War
used a jutsu to
reincarnate the dead,
so he could rule the world.
I've heard about this.
That person used the dead
as the soldiers in his army.
I think it's a Forbidden Jutsu
called the Reanimation Jutsu.
It was a Forbidden Jutsu that
not only desecrated the dead
but also required
a living sacrifice.
I researched it and
mastered a new version,
a Reanimation Jutsu that
wouldn't dishonor the departed
and also doesn't need
any living sacrifice.
For those who didn't get a
chance to express their feelings
to someone before
they passed on,
and for those who died
without being able to express
their feelings to
someone living,
it was all for them.
After undergoing some
very strict training,
I was able to acquire the jutsu.
Yes, so that he's able to
grant everyone's wishes,
Master Ryuki works
himself to exhaustion
to perform this jutsu!
You, there.
Oh, uh, yes?
Please, tell me your name,
and the person that
you wish to see here.
Okay, my name's Misato,
and I want to see
my friend, Kikuna.
Miss Misato, please
come over here.
All right!
(cloth rustling)
Don those robes and
go face the afterlife.
(eerie sound)
(Misato gasps)
[Misato] Kikuna, is that you?
I finally get to see you!
I'm so glad!
Oh, I'm so glad!
[Woman watching] Is she
really able to see her?
So then we'll be
able to as well?
We'll get to see them.
Good thing we came,
right, Miss Mirai?
You're right, good thing.
All right, everyone-
So, anyone else ready?
Oh, me!
All right, then please
tell me what your name is,
and who it is that
you wish to see.
Okay, my name's Tatsumi,
and I wanna see
my mother, Asami!
Come this way.
(eerie sound)
-[Ghostly voice] Tatsumi?
-(Tatsumi gasps)
[Tatsumi] That voice...
Is it really you, Mom?
I can hear you!
Oh, I knew it would work!
It is you, isn't it, Mom?
It's me, Tatsumi!
Is it really?
Mom!
I'm so happy!
How about you?
Uh...
I'm Mirai Sarutobi.
Please, I wanna see my
father, Asuma Sarutobi.
Huh, Sarutobi?
All right, then, this way.
(eerie music)
(dramatic sound)
(eerie sound)
(Mirai breaths heavily)
Dad?
(Ending Theme Music)
[Ryuki] Did you hear it,
the voice of your loved one?
[Mirai] Was that my dad?
[Ryuki] I've actually met Asuma
before in the other world.
He's wanted to meet you
for quite a long time, now.
[Mirai] In the other world?
Is that true?
[Ryuki] You made it here
because Lord Jashin
has guided you.
[Mirai] Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
The Steam Ninja
Scrolls: Mirai's King!
[Ryuki] Once I sacrifice you,
I'll be granted immortality
by Lord Jashin!
(Ending Theme Music)